docs/docs/developer/local-setup.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
sidebar_custom_props:
  icon: TbArrowBigRight
---

# Local Setup

This section will guide you through the Twenty installation on your local environment. 
Twenty is designed to be developer-friendly, and your local installation should be up and running in a few minutes.

In a nutshell:
- We recommend using `yarn` installation but we also provide an easy way to provide the project with Docker.
- Twenty uses PostgreSQL as a database. If we don't have one available, we also provide a one-line command to provision a PostgreSQL instance through Docker.

The repository is structured as follows:
```
twenty
└───docs // contains this documentation
└───front // contains the frontend code for the application
└───server // contains the backend code for the application
└───infra // contains docker development/production-ready deployment configuration
```

## Yarn install (recommended)

**Note:** `npm` is currently not supporting local packages satisfactorily. We strongly recommend using `yarn` instead.

### 1. Pre-requisites

You need to have [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git), [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) installed on your computer.

### 2. Git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:twentyhq/twenty.git
```


### 3. PostgresSQL database
You also need to have a PosgresSQL database available. If you already have one available, you can skip this step.

If you don't, you can provision one through `docker` using the following command:

```
make provision-postgres
```

This will create a docker container, exposing a PostgresSQL instance at [http://localhost:5432](http://localhost:5432).

### 4. Setup env variables

Twenty requires a few environment variables to be set. Locally, we recommend setting them through `.env` file.

To do so, make a copy of .env.example files:
```
cp ./front/.env.example ./front/.env
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env
```

The default values should work out of the box. Don't forget to update the database connection string if you are using your own database instance.

### 5. Server setup

**Note:** we recommend that you use `nvm` to install the correct `node` version. We have added a `server/.nvmrc` to ensure all contributors are using the same version.

To build Twenty server and seed some data into your database:
```
cd server
nvm use #recommended 
yarn
yarn prisma:reset
yarn start:dev
```

Twenty server will be running at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### 6. Front setup

**Note:** similarly, we recommend that you use `nvm` to install the right node version.

```
cd front
nvm use #recommended 
yarn
yarn start
```

Twenty front will be running at [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001).

### 7. Sign in to your local Twenty installation

Browse [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001). You can connect using our recently seeded demo account `tim@apple.dev`.

## Docker install

If you wish, you can also provision the project with docker. This come with a few advantages:
- It provides the exact same environment as our core developer team.
- It includes some additional dependencies (such as `playwright`) that you might need if you wish to contribute to some advanced areas of the project.
- It provisions a postgres database.

### 1. Pre-requisites

Make sure you have the latest `Docker` and [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) versions installed on your computer.

You can run `docker --version` to check they it is installed.

### 2. Git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:twentyhq/twenty.git
```

### 3. Setup env variables

Twenty requires a few environment variables to be set. Locally, we recommend setting them through `.env` pattern.
```
cp ./front/.env.example ./front/.env
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env 
```
The default values should work out of the box.

### 4. Build

We provide a containerized environment with Docker and orchestrated with docker-compose.
This install will also provision a Postgres container.

**Note:** the configuration is stored `infra/dev` folder but you can run `make` commands direclty from the root folder.

```
make build
```

### 5. Migrate & seed

Before running the project, you need to initialize the database by running migration and seeds.

Start the containers:
```
make up
```

Run database migrations, generate prisma client and seed:
```
make server-prisma-reset
```

### 6. Start Twenty

Once this is completed you can run the project with the following commands:

front:
```
make front-start
```

server:
```
make server-start
```

- front available on: [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001)
- server available on: [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql)
- postgres: available on [http://localhost:5432](http://localhost:5432) and should contain database named `default`

### 7. Sign in to your local Twenty installation

Browse [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001). You can connect using our recently seeded demo account `tim@apple.dev`.

### 8. (Optional)

If you don't want to use make command and work directly from the container, you can also ssh directly in the container 

```
make sh
```
Then run commands through yarn:
```
cd server
yarn prisma:reset
```

Commit message:

add context for the postgres URL change, when installing with Docker. Also minor grammar/typo changes.

docs/docs/developer/local-setup.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
sidebar_custom_props:
  icon: TbArrowBigRight
---

# Local Setup

This section will guide you through the Twenty installation on your local environment. 
Twenty is designed to be developer-friendly, and your local installation should be up and running in a few minutes.

In a nutshell:
- We recommend using `yarn` installation but we also provide an easy way to provide the project with Docker.
- Twenty uses PostgreSQL as a database. If we don't have one available, we also provide a one-line command to provision a PostgreSQL instance through Docker.

The repository is structured as follows:
```
twenty
└───docs // contains this documentation
└───front // contains the frontend code for the application
└───server // contains the backend code for the application
└───infra // contains docker development/production-ready deployment configuration
```

## Yarn install (recommended)

**Note:** `npm` is currently not supporting local packages satisfactorily. We strongly recommend using `yarn` instead.

### 1. Pre-requisites

You need to have [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git), [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) installed on your computer.

### 2. Git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:twentyhq/twenty.git
```


### 3. PostgresSQL database
You also need to have a PosgresSQL database available. If you already have one available, you can skip this step.

If you don't, you can provision one through `docker` using the following command:

```
make provision-postgres
```

This will create a docker container, exposing a PostgresSQL instance at [http://localhost:5432](http://localhost:5432).

### 4. Setup env variables

Twenty requires a few environment variables to be set. Locally, we recommend setting them through `.env` file.

To do so, copy the .env.example files:
```
cp ./front/.env.example ./front/.env
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env
```

The default values should work out of the box. Don't forget to update the database connection string if you are using your own database instance.

### 5. Server setup

**Note:** we recommend that you use `nvm` to install the correct `node` version. We have added a `server/.nvmrc` to ensure all contributors are using the same version.

To build Twenty server and seed some data into your database:
```
cd server
nvm use #recommended 
yarn
yarn prisma:reset
yarn start:dev
```

Twenty server will be running at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### 6. Front setup

**Note:** similarly, we recommend that you use `nvm` to install the right node version.

```
cd front
nvm use #recommended 
yarn
yarn start
```

Twenty front will be running at [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001).

### 7. Sign in to your local Twenty installation

Browse [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001). You can connect using our recently seeded demo account `tim@apple.dev`.

## Docker install

If you wish, you can also provision the project with docker. This come with a few advantages:
- It provides the exact same environment as our core developer team.
- It includes some additional dependencies (such as `playwright`) that you might need if you wish to contribute to some advanced areas of the project.
- It provisions a postgres database.

### 1. Pre-requisites

Make sure you have the latest `Docker` and [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) versions installed on your computer.

You can run `docker --version` to check they it is installed.

### 2. Git clone
```
git clone git@github.com:twentyhq/twenty.git
```

### 3. Setup env variables

Twenty requires a few environment variables to be set. Locally, we recommend setting them through `.env` pattern.
The default values should work out of the box, except for the postgres URL, which requires a small modification.

Open `./server/env.example` and change to the following:
```
PG_DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres:postgrespassword@postgres:5432/default?connection_limit=1
```

Then, copy the .env.example files:
```
cp ./front/.env.example ./front/.env
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env 
```

### 4. Build

We provide a containerized environment with Docker and orchestrated with docker-compose.
This install will also provision a Postgres container.

**Note:** the configuration is stored `infra/dev` folder but you can run `make` commands directly from the root folder.

```
make build
```

### 5. Migrate & seed

Before running the project, you need to initialize the database by running migration and seeds.

Start the containers:
```
make up
```

Run database migrations, generate prisma client and seed:
```
make server-prisma-reset
```

### 6. Start Twenty

Once this is completed you can run the project with the following commands:

front:
```
make front-start
```

server:
```
make server-start
```

- front available on: [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001)
- server available on: [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql)
- postgres: available on [http://localhost:5432](http://localhost:5432) and should contain database named `default`

### 7. Sign in to your local Twenty installation

Browse [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001). You can connect using our recently seeded demo account `tim@apple.dev`.

### 8. (Optional)

If you don't want to use make command and work directly from the container, you can also ssh directly in the container:

```
make sh
```
Then run commands through yarn:
```
cd server
yarn prisma:reset
```
