README.md, before:


</br>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-dark-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/logo-square-dark.svg" width="136px" alt="Twenty logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-light-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/logo-square-dark.svg" width="136px" alt="Twenty logo" />
  </a>
</p>

<h2 align="center" >CRM empowering simplicity.</h3>
<p align="center">Engineer-Designed. Business-Ready.


</p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://twenty.com">Website</a> · <a href="https://docs.twenty.com">Documentation</a> · <a href="https://twenty.com/story">Story</a></p>
<br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-dark-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/preview-dark.png" alt="Companies view" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-light-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/preview-light.png" alt="Companies view" />
  </a>
</p>

# About

Twenty is an Open Source CRM designed to solve the issues that are still prevalent among the existings solutions. 
It is meant to be:
- Easily extendable
- Perfectly in-sync with your data
- Crafted with care and enjoyable to use


# Documentation
The doc is available on [docs.twenty.com](https://docs.twenty.com)

We don't have a Slack community yet but we will create one when we are ready to launch.
In the meantime, feel free to create a Github issue or open a discussion.

Commit message:

Added Progress section into Readme

README.md, after:


</br>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-dark-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/logo-square-dark.svg" width="136px" alt="Twenty logo" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-light-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/logo-square-dark.svg" width="136px" alt="Twenty logo" />
  </a>
</p>

<h2 align="center" >CRM empowering simplicity.</h3>
<p align="center">Engineer-Designed. Business-Ready.


</p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://twenty.com">Website</a> · <a href="https://docs.twenty.com">Documentation</a> · <a href="https://twenty.com/story">Story</a></p>
<br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-dark-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/preview-dark.png" alt="Companies view" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.twenty.com#gh-light-mode-only">
    <img src="./docs/src/img/preview-light.png" alt="Companies view" />
  </a>
</p>

# About

Twenty is an Open Source CRM designed to solve the issues that are still prevalent among the existings solutions. 
It is meant to be:
- Easily extendable
- Perfectly in-sync with your data
- Crafted with care and enjoyable to use

# Progress
We are currently in the development phase of Twenty's alpha version:

**Released**<br>
✅  Create Companies & People<br>
✅  View, filter and sort Companies & People<br>

**In development**<br>
⚙️  Pipe views (Opportunities)<br>
⚙️  Comments<br>

**Planned**<br>
📅  Email logging<br>
📅  Custom Fields<br>
📅  Search / Cmd + K<br>
📅  Data connexion<br>
📅  +++

# Documentation
The doc is available on [docs.twenty.com](https://docs.twenty.com)

We don't have a Slack community yet but we will create one when we are ready to launch.
In the meantime, feel free to create a Github issue or open a discussion.
